code/logs.md, before:


#### Mar 16,2025

Simplest optimization rutine finished. Next: find a way for things not to diverge.
Questions for Stefano: 
1. what is ix_ode, and also, what is the role of WEIGHTSin the cost function
2. How to penalize for divergences in integration

#### Mar 16,2025

Finished coding forward integration and cost calculation. 
Todos are (1) write the simplest optimization routine, (2) come up with a code that searches for initial conditions, (3) implement saving of results, and possible recyling on new round of fitting, and (4) separate model between intraspecific interactions versus interspecific interactions

#### Mar 08,2025

Integration working, figure out how to handle zero species in the observations. Almost there in the integration

#### Mar 06,2025

Finish seting up Fit object by inheriting all classes. Then integrate, optimize, and we're gucci

#### Mar 04,2025

Model is not changing the parameters of fit. think of a way to build model without fit, and build fit at the end with data, model and cost function

Commit message:

finished basic pipeline. model seems to be diverging

code/logs.md, after:

# TODOS
--------------------------------------------------------------------
0. What is going on with the minimization given what I see in the plots. Is it diverging? 
1. Reflect on the code I have and see if I should make some functions mehtods of Fit class. optimize_k? protocol options? 
2. Separate model between intraspecific interactions versus interspecific interactions
3. Prepare functionality to make it easy to do meta fitting with a bunch of models and datasets.
4. Implement jax here

# QUESTIONS
---------------------------------------------------------------------
1. How to penalize for divergences in integration
2. What are unobserved abundances?

--------------------------------------------------------------------
#### Mar 16,2025

Simplest optimization rutine finished. Next: find a way for things not to diverge. That is, do an optimization protocol.
Questions for Stefano: 
1. what is ix_ode, and also, what is the role of WEIGHTSin the cost function
2. How to penalize for divergences in integration

#### Mar 16,2025

Finished coding forward integration and cost calculation. 
Todos are (1) write the simplest optimization routine, (2) come up with a code that searches for initial conditions, (3) implement saving of results, and possible recyling on new round of fitting, and (4) separate model between intraspecific interactions versus interspecific interactions

#### Mar 08,2025

Integration working, figure out how to handle zero species in the observations. Almost there in the integration

#### Mar 06,2025

Finish seting up Fit object by inheriting all classes. Then integrate, optimize, and we're gucci

#### Mar 04,2025

Model is not changing the parameters of fit. think of a way to build model without fit, and build fit at the end with data, model and cost function
